what does the word conservative mean
people like abigail shapiro
are stepping forward right now to define
and redefine concern she has her own
definition of conservatives she has her
own definition that revolves around
concepts like
modesty she would be ashamed if her own
son
grew up to be like donald trump she
would be ashamed
if her father or her uncle
lived like donald trump nothing in this
world could be
more morally repugnant to her than
donald trump
and she sits here in silence marketing
herself as the new pretty faced leader
of conservatism and playing footsie with
the trump supporters
when you meet a guy and immediately have
a connection you have one chance to make
an impression
do you want him to leave having your
body at the forefront of his mind
or you as a person you you
you as a person modesty is dressing in a
way that doesn't sexualize your body
modesty is a way for you to respect
yourself and respect others
and do you want to be noticed for being
beautiful or being sexy
if you are wearing something incredibly
revealing it will be difficult for him
to focus on your personality
instead he might be focusing on your
physical appeal
more men will think of you as a sex
object if you dress like one
than if you dress like a lady
you may have heard me say this before
there is neither
good nor evil but there are people who
care
there are people who don't i'm a very
harsh critic
of what's going on on the left wing on
the left
end of the political spectrum it
horrifies me it disappoints me in many
ways
but you know what the tragedy is on the
left i see a whole lot of people who
care
i see a whole lot of people who are
trying to make the world a better place
and they're even courageous in the
pursuit of that positive change
really it's heartbreaking they think
that burning down
a wendy's restaurant will make the world
a better place and it won't and they are
courageous
courageous to the point of being
self-destructive
in the pursuit of that positive
political and social change that they
yearn for so there's something there i
can sympathize with and of course
there's a whole lot
i can despise on the left and you know
when people on the right wing
conservatives when they're correct about
something
i'm certainly eager to admit
i'm eager to recognize anyone for being
right about anything
in politics in the 21st century
but while the left wing may be
simply too violent in the year 2020
what i see on the right really
profoundly is a lot of cowardice
you know very often i've said the
deepest difference between the left and
the right is the role of religion
but if we're keeping all the way real
when i listen to left wingers
tell me why they think the drug
ayahuasca is okay
it sounds religious to me when i hear
left wingers tell me why it is they're
in support of
harm reduction drug policies and the
government handing out
fentanyl and cocaine and heroin to
people and you know this
totally encouraging pro-drug addict
mentality
which stretches from from ayahuasca all
the way down to
to you know marijuana's in many ways
that seems to me to reflect a kind of
new age spiritual religious
worldview even if it is not religious in
the same sense
that the worldview of abigail shapiro
so overtly is there was this one quote
imagine
you found the love of your life and you
realized you would do absolutely
anything for them
make that person you and do it something
like that something corny i love a good
corny quote
and even if you're in a relationship
right now do that for yourself
you know make yourself feel like the
most loved person in the world
so it's it's not so easy for me right
now to say oh well one world view is
secular and one is
religious they seem to be two very
different religions
uh contending to be more politically
functional but
i think there's a very important
difference between someone who embraces
the religion of their parents and
grandparents
and someone who with whatever misguided
motives
strikes out against the assumptions
that have been inculcated into them by
their parents by their grandparents
by going to church by going to sunday
school and who tries on
some kind of new religion or attempts to
reinvent religion for themselves and
that is
that is what's going on on the left all
those people i may ridicule them
and i do i may ridicule them for
convincing themselves that they can buy
an airplane ticket
to mexico and get high on ayahuasca and
speak to god that's just
insanity to me but i know their
grandparents didn't teach them that i
know they didn't learn that in
saturday school or sunday school or some
kind of religious school right
they somehow cobbled together this new
world view this new set of spiritual
beliefs
they struck out on their own they struck
out against the authority of their
parents
and grandparents and there's something
courageous in that
it's tragic and misguided it's
self-destructive and wrong
and it winds up with people getting
brain damage and people becoming drug
addicts
and before it was ayahuasca it was lsd
and i see the same mentality you know
but there's something very different
about the religiosity of
classically abby abigail shapiro
something very different when she tells
you that she is carrying on
the same religion her parents had and
that she wants tremendous she wants to
transmit that to her children
she wants to make sure she raises her
children with exactly the sandwich
there's a real conformism
right to her religiosity her worldview
there's there's a
there's a lack of any openness to trying
new things and we all know she didn't
arrive at the conclusion
that her parents religion happened to be
the best religion for her and her
children
through any kind of open-ended inquiry
or study
i mean i you know i chose to move to
cambodia and study cambodian
as a language and history culture and so
that might have been a terrible choice
but it was my choice
i didn't inherit the cambodian language
from my parents or cambodian politics or
anything
i chose that i did some level of
research and made that choice and i get
to live with the consequences right
i'm learning chinese now rather than
cambodian by the way also my choice in
case you hadn't guessed
didn't have a hand down there's there's
something very different
and i think that that conformism there
are many knock-on consequences
psychologically political
but maybe one that we overlook is
cowardice
is the unbelievable cowardice of these
people
who step forward to be the voices for
conservatism to define and redefine
conservatives and i do genuinely think
abigail shapiro
classically abby i do think she has the
potential to be one of the most
influential voices in the next 10 years
we've seen so many
kind of pretty faced female would-be
leaders
for conservatism rise and fall
especially here on youtube
many of them turned out to just not even
really be
sincerely conservative they were just
kind of playing this as a way to build
up their instagram following but they
got a huge instagram following
this is a pattern we've seen play out
again and again there's actually a
kind of see-through section on the side
that has like
lacing and i don't think that's super
modest that's not my absolute favorite
thing
i don't know whether i'll wear shorts or
something over the top of this
because of this or if i'll sew a piece
in
[Music]
searching for abigail shapiro
and donald trump searching her
twitter searching all over social media
i could barely find any mention of any
comment on
donald trump what does the word
conservative mean people like
abigail shapiro are stepping forward
right now to define and redefine concern
she has her own
definition of conservatives she has her
own definition that revolves around
concepts like
modesty
she has her own method of reinventing
feminism within this conservative
orthodox jewish paradigm
how is it possible for her to hold her
tongue
and remain silent about what it is she
thinks and feels
about donald trump she would be ashamed
if her own son grew up to be like donald
trump
she would be ashamed if her father
or her uncle lived like donald trump
nothing in this world could be more
morally repugnant to her
than donald trump
and she sits here in silence marketing
herself as the new pretty faced
leader of conservatism and playing ftse
with the trump supporters
right what does conservatism mean
it fundamentally means that you're
willing to engage
in this kind of pious silence that
you're willing to live with this kind of
self-censorship this kind of
cowardice am i i'm not claiming it's
unique
and there's i'm not going no sure if you
want to be a communist
there are a whole lot of things you got
to remain silent about there's a whole
lot of pious silence
on the far left sure it's different
topic for another video
and believe me i've made those videos
harsh condemnations of
communism in the far left all over this
channel no answer
but in this particular video we're
talking about what's going on
on the right and i can't even say the
far right this is
mainstream american conservatism where
really the only issues are low taxes
abortion god with a capital letter g
we're living in a world right now where
the neoliberal paradigm has fallen
and everyone's been sitting around
asking who has the next great idea
after neoliberalism ran out of gas
however you want to put it
and god says on the left it's not bernie
sanders
bernie sanders is not the inspiring new
direction for the left to go in
after neo-liberalism right on the right
wing
it's not donald trump well what is new
about trumpism in both cases
these are old men promoting old ideas
you'll look in vain for some great
innovation in terms of bernie sanders or
donald trump and i'm not saying they're
wrong about everything but
let's be real
i would respect abigail shapiro i would
have tremendous
ethical moral intellectual respect for
her
if she would make a video talking about
katie johnson
do you remember the name do you
recognize the name katie johnson it
might be you've forgotten it just
because it's such a common name
but if you put that name into google
what's the number one result katie
johnson
was the woman who stepped forward to
tell us all the horrifying story
of how she lost her virginity to donald
trump when she was only 13 years old
katie johnson had two witnesses willing
to stand up for her in court
one was a 12 year old girl at the time
witness to and participate in the
same sordid scenario but the other one
the other one was an adult woman a woman
who was herself
guilty of orchestrating
the meeting between donald trump
and jeffrey epstein and these two
underage girls
to say this case has merit would be an
understatement
if you know nothing else just knowing
that the woman who basically pimped out
these two underage girls
was willing to step forward and testify
in court as a witness
to support the girl's story that she was
willing to incriminate herself
that she was willing to put herself in a
prison cell
to stand up for the truth to get this on
the historical record
or perhaps in her own mind in her own
heart to atone for
the harm she done that that woman
the woman who was the fixer and the
arranger that she stepped forward
as a witness and she put her name on
paper she wrote out her testimony and
had it in it's in those court documents
for you to read
don't you think don't you think it would
count for something
if people like abigail shapiro had the
courage
to step forward and say whatever
conservatism means
it excludes donald j trump